README.md, before:

# Refined Practice - Simple Analytics Integration

This WordPress/ClassicPress plugin adds the code needed to use the Simple Analytics analytics service on your site. You can also choose to prevent logged in users from appearing in your analytics, add Simple Analytic's experimental event tracking code and view page views directly on your dashboard.

**Note that use of Simple Analytics requires a subscription** Find out more on the [Simple Analytics website](https://simpleanalytics.com/). If you decide you want to give it a try then you can get one month for free by using our referral link: [https://referral.simpleanalytics.com/refined-practice](https://referral.simpleanalytics.com/refined-practice). You can also [view the analytics for the Refined Practice website here](https://simpleanalytics.com/refinedpractice.com) to get an idea of what Simple Analytics offers.
## Installation

Any of the following methods should work, just choose what's best for your setup:

* *Via your WordPress Dashboard Method 1:* Navigate to the `Plugins` page of your website, click `Add New`, search for `rp-simple-analytics` and click on `Install Now`. Once installed, activate the plugin from your `Plugins` page.
* *Via your WordPress Dashboard Method 1:* Download the plugin zip file from its [WordPress.org plugin page](https://wordpress.org/plugins/rp-simple-analytics), navigate to the `Plugins` page of your website, click `Add New`, click on `Upload Plugin`, choose the zip file you just downloaded and click on `Install Now`. Once installed, activate the plugin from your `Plugins` page.
* *Via [WP-CLI](https://wp-cli.org/):* At your command-line type `wp plugin install rp-simple-analytics --activate` 
* *Manually:* Download the plugin zip file from its [WordPress.org plugin page](https://wordpress.org/plugins/rp-simple-analytics), unzip it and then upload the entire `rp-simple-analytics` folder into your plugins directory.  Once installed, activate the plugin from your website's `Plugins` page.

## Frequently Asked Questions 

### Is this the official Simple Analytics plugin? 

No, this plugin was created by [Refined Practice](https://www.refinedpractice.com/).


### How does this differ from the official Simple Analytics plugin 

This plugin offers more features than the official Simple Analytics plugin, in particular:

* Greater flexibility in choosing which logged in users should appear in analytics
* Event tracking code
* Dashboard widget 

### Do I need a subscription 

Yes, find out more on the [Simple Analytics website](https://simpleanalytics.com/).

## Screenshots

### Dashboard widget
![Dashboard widget](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Refined-Practice/rp-simple-analytics/master/assets/screenshot-1.png)

### Settings page
![Settings page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Refined-Practice/rp-simple-analytics/master/assets/screenshot-2.png)

## License

This plugin is licensed under the GPL v2 or later.

## Changelog

### 1.0.2
* Added screenshots to documentation

### 1.0.1
* Updated js script version numbers to match latest Simple Analytics release
* Updated documentation

### 1.0.0 
* First release.

Commit message:

Added WP-CLI and fixed javascript escaping issue

README.md, after:

# Refined Practice - Simple Analytics Integration

This WordPress/ClassicPress plugin adds the code needed to use the Simple Analytics analytics service on your site. You can also choose to prevent logged in users from appearing in your analytics, add Simple Analytic's experimental event tracking code and view page views directly on your dashboard.

**Note that use of Simple Analytics requires a subscription** Find out more on the [Simple Analytics website](https://simpleanalytics.com/). If you decide you want to give it a try then you can get one month for free by using our referral link: [https://referral.simpleanalytics.com/refined-practice](https://referral.simpleanalytics.com/refined-practice). You can also [view the analytics for the Refined Practice website here](https://simpleanalytics.com/refinedpractice.com) to get an idea of what Simple Analytics offers.
## Installation

Any of the following methods should work, just choose what's best for your setup:

* *Via your WordPress Dashboard Method 1:* Navigate to the `Plugins` page of your website, click `Add New`, search for `rp-simple-analytics` and click on `Install Now`. Once installed, activate the plugin from your `Plugins` page.
* *Via your WordPress Dashboard Method 1:* Download the plugin zip file from its [WordPress.org plugin page](https://wordpress.org/plugins/rp-simple-analytics), navigate to the `Plugins` page of your website, click `Add New`, click on `Upload Plugin`, choose the zip file you just downloaded and click on `Install Now`. Once installed, activate the plugin from your `Plugins` page.
* *Via [WP-CLI](https://wp-cli.org/):* At your command-line type `wp plugin install rp-simple-analytics --activate` 
* *Manually:* Download the plugin zip file from its [WordPress.org plugin page](https://wordpress.org/plugins/rp-simple-analytics), unzip it and then upload the entire `rp-simple-analytics` folder into your plugins directory.  Once installed, activate the plugin from your website's `Plugins` page.

## Frequently Asked Questions 

### Is this the official Simple Analytics plugin? 

No, this plugin was created by [Refined Practice](https://www.refinedpractice.com/).

### How does this differ from the official Simple Analytics plugin 

This plugin offers more features than the official Simple Analytics plugin, in particular:

* Greater flexibility in choosing which logged in users should appear in analytics
* Event tracking code
* Dashboard widget 

### Do I need a subscription 

Yes, find out more on the [Simple Analytics website](https://simpleanalytics.com/).

## WP-CLI

This plugin fully supports command-line integration via [WP-CLI](https://wp-cli.org/). Type `wp rpsa` at the command-line for details.

## Screenshots

### Dashboard widget
![Dashboard widget](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Refined-Practice/rp-simple-analytics/master/assets/screenshot-1.png)

### Settings page
![Settings page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Refined-Practice/rp-simple-analytics/master/assets/screenshot-2.png)

## License

This plugin is licensed under the GPL v2 or later.

## Credits

This plugin was developed using the excellent [WordPress Plugin Boilerplate Generator](https://wppb.me/) which you can also find on [GitHub](https://github.com/DevinVinson/WordPress-Plugin-Boilerplate).

## Changelog

### 1.1.0
* ADDED FEATURE: [WP-CLI](https://wp-cli.org/) support. Type `wp rpsa` at the command-line for details
* BUG FIX: Incorrect escaping of additional events javascript

### 1.0.2
* Added screenshots to documentation

### 1.0.1
* Updated js script version numbers to match latest Simple Analytics release
* Updated documentation

### 1.0.0 
* First release.
